hey boys girls its james again from
appspot com and I'm playing fluid s ii
which is a funny little mixture of like
a jewel stick shooter with only one
stick so i guess a single stick shooter
then and sort of pac-man because as you
see you control this little block which
i think is called streak and you have to
guide him around these little mazes
collecting up gobbling up i should say
all these little yellow dots and in
doing so you complete the level once
you've collected all your dodge you have
to do it in a set time limit in this
case you can see in the top left hand
corner there i got 866 this is just
above the four stars so that's a
three-star rating for me i'll move on to
the next level and you've got to do it
as fast as possible and that's pretty
much the whole game is done by radian
games who are the crew behind a joy joy
and a couple of other the very nice
quick blaster ii things inferno plus and
fireball SE they did as well they
generally look very good and very clean
their games so as well as just flying
through the air like I'm doing now there
are a couple of things you can come up
against as obstacles like you see here
I'm trying to hit this but it's pushed
me the other direction and has therefore
killed me every time you gobble up one
of these little yellow dots it turns
into an orange one generally and if you
try and go back like I'll do now the
orange dots kill you so you have to
always keep moving forward in that sort
of snake way where you never cross your
own tail and there are also other things
that help you or hinder you around each
maze for example these little speed
boosts at the moment I need to go across
them in the right direction otherwise I
won't make it round in time I've got
what I've got there 3 stars that wasn't
great let me try and do that in a faster
time so I'm going straight straight for
this first one up hit boom all the way
around you know and straight across and
then I need to go up oops I hit that
area that's not very smart down here and
bum a little bit quicker there you go so
I've got 4 stars that time instead of
three so they gave marvelous you need to
unlock each group of five levels by
collecting all these stars so you won't
be able to get to the next group of five
unless you got to set a map
I have already unlocked the other group
just so I can show you some more right
so obviously you're trying to pick the
ideal path without going back on
yourself so that was kind of crap
however if I go to the next level select
thing I can move to the right and here
you've got a whole bunch of new levels
to try out so I haven't done these
before yep that little power up you can
see in the other corner oh that's a warp
ok that's worth knowing so this holes or
a warper puts me back out here but if i
hit the orange watch boom I'm going to
die so i need to gobble up that thing
then this makes me swapped twice the
size and actually makes me much slower
but it means i can run headfirst into
these orange buggers and not get hurt
however it appears have only last for a
set period so let me try going up first
and then we'll go across here do it this
way
it expect to come out of that side
whoops it easy and if you can just make
it round here to the end victory lovely
crap time but made it made it in one
piece let's try the next level alright
so I've got a little set around the
middle here so obviously the first thing
I need to do really is grab that first
speed up so I'm wasting time just by
drifting past it on time so ah there you
go lots of yellow things there maybe go
for these ones first and then go
straight to the powers up here mmm
because they come chasing after you
that's the thing there's orange blobs
you can see them pursuing me around the
track which isn't good well it's quite
good that was three stars not bad for a
first attempt so I've got one more I
don't know what these spinning star
things do let's find out oh wow they
suck up all the orange blobs into a
swirling vortex which is great and it
keeps them out of the way of me hey
that's kind of badass I like that
airlite I'm doing another one so it's
called fluid s.e it's available from
midnight tonight on both iphone and ipad
damn that's going to cost you a thing
what is it one pound 49 or two dollars
99 oh my god walk things amazing so yeah
it's smart and it's pretty and this
looks like it could be quite good fun so
maybe worth a look thank you for
watching and see you soon why this has
been James with apps by calm we review
you decide